hello everybody tonight will make easy
dish it's a tomato soup and we got
already what I did I was a boy at the
Manor and peel off everything what I
need I've got to chop this
I got a potato onion garlic I got a
chicken stock to put together now
everybody make it the super duper I'm
making like this a lot of people are use
of the cream the milk
unlike the cream it bother me maybe
bother somebody else too and make it
from a kalila thickness I use a potato
now we said good onion garlic actually
occur the Gallic try this and a half I
put on the pads over here I got two
garlic dagger 1 onion you don't got a
call really thin a core like this a
piece like that ok we poured upon you
and the pads over here ok
we started though the honey at the gout
we put the blame on the time it is that
the fried little update i wanna peel the
potato this is the new patella was by
it's really nice but i okay this is so
peel what i do i wanna clean up with a
paper towel okay
in LA which are for the I did look
at abysmal place like that Sakura like
this and I have other and we put the
pattern app together
maybe sugar mobile into this now this is
it you gotta tell me Mary's father when
you do this look at that beautiful
enough now on the forum are you worried
okay
my one oh yeah baby this is a really hot
stock okay
mercy no one no have the pepper no poor
this is a hard are some basil everyone
ah I blend everything together
I got a face of the put together now the
time this is star I wanna start the
tomato over here
I like do behind a squeeze a lot better
lie back
okay now this Apple Tamera now this it's
a fresher tomato for the for the gal was
a gift we got up for this and farm it
night it's a time with this Tamera
then make it true okay now we've done
under this ever finger together
hey I got over here the chicken stock
yeah I gotta use over here
fry the six cups the chicken stock it
would put all together okay gotta cook
everything good together
my tomato super boil over there a I
wanna boil dis wine over here I wanna
see everybody salute the
everybody I got a big surprise I got so
many subscribe on my channel interview I
wanna say thank you thank you very much
I want to say salute the d'bari a chin
chin the everybody cam was so happy look
like my a Filipina my vertical the
vertices are the calm Donna salute a
tutti
really good
let's check the super now okay son the
boy and find more minutes
I want to put in the chicken stock look
nice you look beautiful
okay now it's a time I want to put it
the chicken stock together
okay we start with 4 cups first look at
nice it's so look at it it's really
beautiful thank you very much they work
really good okay this is 4 cups and we
start put over here okay add said four
cups it's enough okay after this one we
blend become a nice creamy and one who
put too much chicken stock aft you know
it's a to liquid we want to come a nice
thick okay now let me go over here and
let me say gin ginger again like I say I
feel about you better at the wyman in
making me more good like this what do
you look at my shoes my shoes it's
beautiful I know got in my ugh the mega
sauce solution ok this he was a boy
already for 20 minutes I got a fresh
basil I pick it up at my yard my garden
yeah I put inside for five minutes okay
you know it give a good taste
he'll never say for five minutes and not
man I wanna taste it's okay the salt
again on that the chicken stock it's a
soft you're ready I wanna make a show
everything okay
I got a my spoon over here I need a
little salt the salt this it's enough
the the the heart my Oh yet baby I can
taste already it's a really good test
okay okay now we start it's really read
out you gotta watch okay not like I said
before this blendy can take it a hot
stove but see your blender you know sure
that take a heart to leave a cool off
after one time it's a cool offer you
blend if you put it back on the path and
you leave a warm-up or again it's it's
it but this one for me it's okay
okay now it's a time to rock
let's see what's gonna know
listen up beliefs are obviously looking
nice
okay now the smelly go all over the room
up the stairs
every place a smell you smell yeah
everybody smile
okay now on the put of my dish over here
I wanna test it's a really good to say
okay we put right over here good
okay look how nice a beautiful look at
this
okay now somebody like the cheese I got
some pecorino cheese over here yeah put
a little bit you don't like the cheese
except you what do you like the dough a
poor little cheese is C the basil
I keep over there I wanna eat the basil
can like a basil with a soap eliminate
diced
a really good and would eat cheese it
give a good taste really good
I hope everybody make this soup tomato
soup
it's a really good nights a time at the
bakery got a lot of tomato
everybody got a tomato you make of this
I want to say thank you very much
everybody
salute Chinchin Elsie next recipe did
she go and Sunday
lemon o'clock thank you very much I'll
see you next recipe salute